Add SSO MFA docs (#50533)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/access-controls/sso/sso.mdx

At this time, the `spec.provider` field should not be set for any other identity providers.

## Configuring SSO for MFA checks

Teleport administrators can configure Teleport to delegate MFA checks to an 
SSO provider as an alternative to registering MFA devices directly with the Teleport cluster.
This allows Teleport users to use MFA devices and custom flows configured in the SSO provider
to carry out privileged actions in Teleport, such as:

- MFA device management (e.g. register or delete a webauthn device in Teleport)
- [Per-session MFA](../guides/per-session-mfa.mdx)
- [Moderated sessions](../guides/moderated-sessions.mdx)
- [Admin actions](../guides/mfa-for-admin-actions.mdx)

Administrators may want to consider enabling this feature for the following benefits:

- All authentication (login and MFA) goes through the IDP, reducing administrative overhead
- Make custom MFA flows, such as prompting for 2 distinct devices for a single MFA check

> - Integrate with non-webauthn devices supported directly by your IDP

Reviewer: nit: the tense of these bullet points doesn't match up, it might flow better if all were either present or future tense

> <Admonition type="warning">

Reviewer: nit: warning seems harsh, maybe this could just be a "note"

  SSO MFA is an enterprise feature. Only OIDC and SAML auth connectors are supported.
</Admonition>

### Configure the IDP App / Client

There is no standardized MFA flow unlike there is with SAML/OIDC login, so
each IDP may offer zero, one, or more ways to offer MFA checks.

Teleport does not make any assumptions as to how the MFA app is configured.
If desired, you could even use your basic login flow with username, password,

> and MFA device.

Reviewer: the example yaml's seem to suggest the user should create a separate app in the IDP for doing MFA, should we be more explicit about suggesting that in this section? It feels like we're not really telling people what they need to do here

Author: This is intentionally left vague and meant as an exercise for the reader to set up their own specific solution. You could set up a separate app or use the same app depending on the IDP offerings.

You're right it is too vague though, I will leave a couple examples and more guidance. My only concern is that I haven't actually been able to test these approaches with MFA enabled, since we don't have access to an enterprise Okta or Auth0 account for testing.

<Admonition type="warning">
  While the customizability of SSO MFA presents multiple secure options previously
  unavailable to administrators, it also presents the possibility of insecure
  misconfigurations. Therefore, we strongly advice administrators to incorporate
  strict, phishing-resistant checks with WebAuthn, Device Trust, or some similar
  security features into their custom SSO MFA flow.
</Admonition>

### Updating your authentication connector to enable MFA checks

> Take the authentication connector file `connector.yaml` created in the previous step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take the authentication connector file `connector.yaml` created in [Configuring SSO for login](#configuring-sso-for-login)
```

At this time, the `spec.provider` field should not be set for any other identity providers.

## Configuring SSO for MFA checks

Teleport administrators can configure Teleport to delegate MFA checks to an 

> SSO provider as an alternative to registering MFA devices directly with the Teleport Cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SSO provider as an alternative to registering MFA devices directly with the Teleport cluster.
```
"cluster" is a common noun here

> Teleport MFA checks can be delegated to your SSO provider. This allows Teleport
> users to use MFA devices and custom flows configured in the SSO provider to carry out
> privileged actions in Teleport, such as:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Teleport administrators can configure Teleport to delegate MFA checks to an 
SSO provider as an alternative to registering MFA devices directly with the Teleport Cluster.
This allows Teleport users to use MFA devices and custom flows configured in the SSO provider to carry out privileged actions in Teleport, such as:
```

- MFA device management (e.g. register or delete a webauthn device in Teleport)
- [Per-session MFA](./per-session-mfa.mdx)
- [Moderated sessions](./moderated-sessions.mdx)
- [Admin actions](./mfa-for-admin-actions.mdx)

<Admonition type="warning">
  SSO MFA is an enterprise feature. Only OIDC and SAML auth connectors are supported.
</Admonition>

### Considerations

Administrators may want to consider enabling this feature for the following benefits:

> - All authentication (login and MFA) goes through the IdP, consolidating monitoring

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- All authentication (login and MFA) goes through the IdP, reducing administrative overhead
```

- All authentication (login and MFA) goes through the IDP, reducing administrative overhead
- Make custom MFA flows, such as prompting for 2 distinct devices for a single MFA check
- Integrate with non-webauthn devices supported directly by your IDP

> - Enable new SSO users to carry out privileged actions without requiring them to register their device through Teleport first

Reviewer 2: I think we could condense this section with the one before by removing the "Considerations" heading" and one of the bullets. Then readers can get into the heart of the section a little more quickly.

Author: Removed the last bullet point and move it up as suggested.

### Configure the IDP App / Client

There is no standardized MFA flow unlike there is with SAML/OIDC login, so
each IDP may offer zero, one, or more ways to offer MFA checks.

Teleport does not make any assumptions as to how the MFA app is configured.
If desired, you could even use your basic login flow with username, password,
and MFA device.

<Admonition type="warning">
  While the customizability of SSO MFA presents multiple secure options previously
  unavailable to administrators, it also presents the possibility of insecure
  misconfigurations. Therefore, we strongly advice administrators to incorporate
  strict, phishing-resistant checks with WebAuthn, Device Trust, or some similar
  security features into their custom SSO MFA flow.
</Admonition>

### Updating your authentication connector to enable MFA checks

Take the authentication connector file `connector.yaml` created in the previous step
and add MFA settings.

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="OIDC">

```yaml

> (!/examples/resources/oidc-connector-mfa.yaml!)

Reviewer 2: The partial doesn't render here—do we need to remove the leading slash?

Author: This also appears to be the case for [existing sections in the preview](https://joerger-sso-mfa-docs.d3pp5qlev8mo18.amplifyapp.com/admin-guides/access-controls/sso/#creating-an-authentication-connector), but those sections do load in the actual docs site.

```

</TabItem>
<TabItem label="SAML">

```yaml

> (!/examples/resources/saml-connector-mfa.yaml!)

Reviewer 2: Same issue with this partial

```

You may use `entity_descriptor_url` in lieu of `entity_descriptor` to fetch

> the entity descriptor from your IDP. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the entity descriptor from your IdP. 
```

Choose one (IdP or IDP) and be consistent.
